Hello welcome to Career 247 I am
Prashant Dhawan Now recently Elon Musk has made a
big announcement which will have an impact
on the whole world and not just the US
because Elon Musk is saying that if
Trump passes his Big Beautiful Bill
which he will most likely do,
in response to this Elon Musk will
launch a political party against Donald Trump
which will be named The America Party.  Here you will
see that Elon Musk has said that
Donald Trump is spending too much money.
This will push USA into more debt
and will launch the
America Party to stop Trump.  Now obviously
here a question will come in your mind.  Wait,
in USA it is called two party system,
one Democrat, one Republican.  Now this
third party which is America Party will be
backed by the world's richest man Elon Musk himself and again it is not confirmed yet but it is
heard that many other
prominent US celebrities
can also join this political party.
So how will all this be possible?
Because in India we have been hearing
that USA is a two party country.  So even
today Elon Musk is calling Donald Trump's
party a party of pigs.   He is
calling it Por's Pig Party and saying
that he will launch his own America Party.
But how will this happen?  Well, let
me make a very important thing clear here.
Then we will talk
about the American Party and what impact it
could eventually have on India?
Is it written in the United States Constitution
that there will only be two political
parties?  So the answer is no.
Nothing like that.  In USA also,
like India, technically these people can form many political
parties.  Suppose tomorrow
Mr. Beast wants me to
form my own political party then that is also
possible.  That will be a registered political
party.  Yes, people will most
likely not vote for him.  I will
tell you what the reason is.  The difference between India and USA is
that suppose elections are held in India.  Even
if you get 10% votes,
you will still have a lot of MPs.
You will have a role in the decision making process.  Whereas
in USA, as you all know, majority is
not required.  The candidate who gets the
most votes wins.  So
because of this, people
vote very less for third party candidates because they
believe that this will increase the votes.  Directly
two camps are formed.  There are two main political
parties: the Republican Party which is
currently led by Donald Trump and the
Democratic Party where
you will find leaders like Barack Obama and Joe Biden.  So can
Elon Musk form his own America Party
in the USA?  Obviously you can make it.
In the USA, apart from Republican Party and
Democratic Party, Libertarian
Party, Green Party and Constitution
Party also exist.  But
all these political parties are challenged by the world's
richest man who has his own social
media platform.  Twitter X, whatever
you call it, is not backing it up.  When
Elon Musk will launch his own American party
and will tell the people of America that
look, it is not like you are forced to
either go with the Democrats or
go with the Republicans.  Let me give you a third
option.  So in that case
I would definitely say that Elon Musk's party
can bring revolution in USA elections.
Because remember, even in USA, voters are
fed up that they have only two
options after going around.  Or a donkey because
literally the symbol of the Democrat Party is its
election logo.  It is a donkey
or an elephant, which is the Republican Party,
Trump's party's election symbol is an
elephant.  So, between the donkey and the elephant,
if, let's say, Elon Musk brings his Tesla car,
then it is possible that many people may come and
say, why not, let's give it 4 years and
see.  He has very revolutionary ideas.  Let's
see how Elon Musk will
run the country.  Now I
have to speak up here.  Elon Musk may launch his own political
party but he
cannot become the President of USA because he was
not born in the USA.  He was born
in South Africa and recently when
Elon Musk threatened Trump that
Trump's party is So's party.  This is
Pur's pick party and I'm absolutely going to
challenge here and so on.
In response to this, Trump hurt Elon Musk by saying
that he would send him back to South Africa,
where he came from.  Here you will see that this has been
tweeted by Donald Trump.  Now many people do
not get this tweet on Twitter etc.
They wonder where can they get this
tweet?  See, Trump has his own social media
platform.  Truth is I laugh so much after seeing this.
We are
not able to create our own social media platform in India.
Here every leader has created his own social media
platform and it
runs properly.  It is not that there is any problem or anything.
Trump's social media platform
Truth works well.  Narendra Modi ji had
even joined it at one time as a
goodwill gesture and now the Democrats,
left leaning people, have a separate party in the USA.
They have already created Twitter X in the name of Blue Sky.
This is what so many social media
platforms are creating.  Why ca
n't we make it ourselves?  And this is really something that
I feel sad about.  And here you will
see that Donald Trump, after Elon Musk's
announcement, has said that
Elon Musk's main concern is the Electric
Vehicle Mandate, which is Donald Trump's bill, a
big beautiful bill, in which it will impose tax
not only on Indians but also on all foreigners
when they send the money back to their
country.  However, the good news is
that this tax was being proposed earlier.
5% I made a video on this.  Now this has been
reduced to 1% in the new draft.
But Elon Musk is very sad about the fact
that the electric vehicle mandate will end
and due to this the subsidies that Elon Musk used to get
for his electric vehicles will end.  And
Trump has clearly said here that
if the US Government does not give subsidies to Elon Musk, then
Elon Musk will have to close his shop and
go back to South Africa.  Elon Musk could probably have
to close up shop and head
back home to South Africa.
It has been directly told to Elon Musk that the country you
are in right now, USA, is not even your home.
Your home is South Africa.   There will be
no rocket launches, satellites, electric car production etc.
and a lot of money of our country will also be saved.
Why don't I do one thing,
put the dose after you.  This will save us a lot of money.
Trump has given a direct threat to
Elon Musk here.  And somehow Elon
Musk's party will happen because it's meant to happen.
This is very much obvious.  As soon as
Elon Musk's party is formed, you will see that
Trump will repeatedly target Elon Musk's origin in
South Africa.
Now what will be the impact of all this on India?
Look, this is going to have a big impact on India.
Elon Musk has already
invested in India.  Just recently,
Starling has made a push entry
into India.  The New York Times
published an article on this.  Elon Musk
Starling Pushes It Way Into India.  And
today Elon Musk has entered the mega market.
This in the future will be here to
sell Tesla cars,
sell Starlin Internet and we do
n't know yet what the foreign policy of Elon Musk's political party is going to be.
Clearly everyone in the USA knows this.
USA's
foreign policy is different when Democrats come to power.  If Republicans
come to power, their foreign policy will be different.
This is a very obvious thing.
Let me tell you clearly.  If the
Democratic Party had not come to power in the last 20 years, then there is a strong
possibility that the Ukraine-
Russia war would not have happened. So we Indians will
have to understand that the foreign
policy of the Democrats is different from that of the Republicans.
Now with which foreign policy will Elon Musk
come up?  How will India-US relations be according to Elon Musk
?  Because
we cannot ignore them again.
They will not have any shortage of funding.  And the biggest thing is that
Elon Musk is not only rich.  There
are many rich people in USA.  But
being popular along with being rich is a great power.
You will find many people in India also.
But he is not popular.  When he
goes to hold a rally, people will
not gather to support him.
So again this is a major development.  This will have a
huge impact eventually on India and
updates related to this topic will come in the
future.  So I will keep bringing updated videos for you.
And finally here
I will ask you guys a question.  The question is
that RAW Research and Analysis Wing has selected its new
chief.
He is called Pakistan expert.  Tell me who is the new Chief
of Research and Analysis Wing?  These are
your options here.  Vikram Mishri, Anil
Mehta, Parag Jain or Ajit Dobal.
Answer in the comment section.
I will give hard copies of the comments of those who give the correct answers
so that others can understand what the correct answer is.
You won't believe how many
people I meet and talk to
and they have only one question -
what should I do now in my career?  You know what, I do
n't like mathematics that much.
I don't feel like learning coding etc.  Please suggest
me some other creative job
where I can start early.
Well here I
want to tell you
about digital marketing.  How will your career be under digital marketing
?  Under this field you
can become a digital marketing assistant.  You
can become an SEO writer.  You can become a
social media specialist.  You can become
an SEO manager, a content manager,
under digital marketing you can get a job
in various sectors.  And these jobs are
continuously increasing.  And similarly you will
see that the courses in digital marketing are
also increasing all over the world, be it US or
Europe, these courses are increasing everywhere.
And you should note one thing that
most of these courses will be very
expensive.  It will be only in English language
and these courses are very short.   It is
not done in two-three months,
your course is completed.  You will simply be forwarded onwards.
Interestingly, the most popular and in-demand course on Career247 today is our Digital Marketing
course.  I will tell you what the reason is.
Digital marketing is one such skill which is
an entry level job that a person is looking for.  I have
just cleared 12th.  Looking for my first job.  I can get
job experience somewhere.
For him, digital marketing
can be a very important way to get his first
job.  People who are already working
often upskill
themselves by doing a digital marketing course.
And at the same time, many
people who run their own business
want to know
how digital marketing works today.
How can they promote their own brand?  And
so I would say Career 247s Digital
Marketing Course.  This is not the course of the future.
This is the course of now.  And
today many students are learning
digital marketing skills in collaboration with Career 247.
For example,
I want to show you some projects in this
way.  This is an example of
how the brand Make My Trip
can be marketed digitally.
Our students have prepared this report regarding this.
Projects have been prepared.
I can show you various such examples
where people
knew very little about digital marketing.  Now they feel
very confident and have invested their time and
resources in a very
useful skill.  So
what do you have to do to enroll?  Simply go to the
comment section of this video.
You will find this link in the pin comment.  Start Your
Digital Marketing Journey Now.  And here
you have to click on this link.
This page will open in front of you.  Here, enter your name,
email ID, phone number and obviously
discount code PG 10
so that
you can get this course at a much lower price than the price of this course.
If you forget to enter the code,
you will get significant increase in the prices here.  So
always enter the code PD10 and simply apply.
That's all I am saying.  Simply apply.
Consultant from Career 247 will call you.
You can talk to .
You can get more information and
start your journey in the
world of digital marketing.  And
remember this is not just digital
marketing.  This is Digital Marketing with
Generative AI.  So with this note, this is the
end of the video.  Thank you for listening.  And
as I always say, may the gods watch over